

Assignment#10
Dear Students / Brothers.
Web and Mobile Application Development, Batch-04 Section-C
Requirements:
String Exercise
1. Write a js program to find length of a string.
2. Write a js program to copy one string to another string.
3. Write a js program to concatenate two strings.
4. Write a js program to compare two strings.
5. Write a js program to convert lowercase string to uppercase.
6. Write a js program to convert uppercase string to lowercase.
7. Write a js program to toggle case of each character of a string.
8. Write a js program to find total number of alphabets, digits or special character in a string.
9. Write a js program to count total number of vowels and consonants in a string.
10. Write a js program to count total number of words in a string.
11. Write a js program to find reverse of a string.
12. Write a js program to check whether a string is palindrome or not.
13. Write a js program to reverse order of words in a given string
14. Write a js program to find first occurrence of a character in a given string.
15. Write a js program to find last occurrence of a character in a given string.
16. Write a js program to search all occurrences of a character in given string.
17. Write a js program to count occurrences of a character in given string.
18. Write a js program to find highest frequency character in a string.
19. Write a js program to find lowest frequency character in a string.
20. Write a js program to count frequency of each character in a string.
21. Write a js program to remove first occurrence of a character from string.
22. Write a js program to remove last occurrence of a character from string.
23. Write a js program to remove all occurrences of a character from string.
24. Write a js program to remove all repeated characters from a given string.
25. Write a js program to replace first occurrence of a character with another in a string.
26. Write a js program to replace last occurrence of a character with another in a string.
27. Write a js program to replace all occurrences of a character with another in a string.
28. Write a js program to find first occurrence of a word in a given string.
29. Write a js program to find last occurrence of a word in a given string.
30. Write a js program to search all occurrences of a word in given string.
31. Write a js program to count occurrences of a word in a given string.
32. Write a js program to remove first occurrence of a word from string.
33. Write a js program to remove last occurrence of a word in given string.
34. Write a js program to remove all occurrence of a word in given string.
35. Write a js program to trim leading white space characters from given string.
36. Write a js program to trim trailing white space characters from given string.
37. Write a js program to trim both leading and trailing white space characters from given string.
38. Write a js program to remove all extra blank spaces from given string.
objects
1. Write a JavaScript program to list the properties of a JavaScript object
var student = {
name : "David Rayy",
sclass : "VI",
rollno : 12 };
Sample Output: name,sclass,rollno

2. Write a JavaScript program to delete the rollno property from the following object. Also print the object before or after deleting the property.
Sample object:
var student = {
name : "David Rayy",
sclass : "VI",
rollno : 12 };
 

3. Write a JavaScript program to get the length of a JavaScript object.   
Sample object :
var student = {
name : "David Rayy",
sclass : "VI",
rollno : 12 };
 

4. Write a JavaScript program to display the reading status (i.e. display book name, author name and reading status) of the following books.   

var library = [ 
   {
       author: 'Bill Gates',
       title: 'The Road Ahead',
       readingStatus: true
   },
   {
       author: 'Steve Jobs',
       title: 'Walter Isaacson',
       readingStatus: true
   },
   {
       author: 'Suzanne Collins',
       title:  'Mockingjay: The Final Book of The Hunger Games', 
       readingStatus: false
   }];
 

5. Write a JavaScript program to get the volume of a Cylinder with four decimal places using object classes.   
Volume of a cylinder : V = πr2h
where r is the radius and h is the height of the cylinder.
 

6. Write a Bubble Sort algorithm in JavaScript.   
Note : Bubble sort is a simple sorting algorithm that works by repeatedly stepping through the list to be sorted,
Sample Data: [6,4,0, 3,-2,1]
Expected Output : [-2, 0, 1, 3, 4, 6]
 

7. Write a JavaScript program which returns a subset of a string.   
Sample Data: dog
Expected Output: ["d", "do", "dog", "o", "og", "g"]
 

8. Write a JavaScript program to create a Clock.   
Note: The output will come every second.
Expected Console Output :
"14:37:42"
"14:37:43"
"14:37:44"
"14:37:45"
"14:37:46"
"14:37:47"
 

9. Write a JavaScript program to calculate the area and perimeter of a circle.   
Note : Create two methods to calculate the area and perimeter. The radius of the circle will be supplied by the user.
 

10. Write a JavaScript program to sort an array of JavaScript objects.   
Sample Object :

var library = [ 
   {
       title:  'The Road Ahead',
       author: 'Bill Gates',
       libraryID: 1254
   },
   {
       title: 'Walter Isaacson',
       author: 'Steve Jobs',
       libraryID: 4264
   },
   {
       title: 'Mockingjay: The Final Book of The Hunger Games',
       author: 'Suzanne Collins',
       libraryID: 3245
   }];
Expected Output:

[[object Object] {
  author: "Walter Isaacson",
  libraryID: 4264,
  title: "Steve Jobs"
}, [object Object] {
  author: "Suzanne Collins",
  libraryID: 3245,
  title: "Mockingjay: The Final Book of The Hunger Games"
}, [object Object] {
  author: "The Road Ahead",
  libraryID: 1254,
  title: "Bill Gates"
}]
 

11. Write a JavaScript function to print all the methods in an JavaScript object.   
Test Data :
console.log(all_properties(Array));
["length", "name", "arguments", "caller", "prototype", "isArray", "observe", "unobserve"]

 
12. Write a JavaScript function to parse an URL.   
 

13. Write a JavaScript function to retrieve all the names of object's own and inherited properties.   
 

14. Write a JavaScript function to retrieve all the values of an object's properties.   
 

15. Write a JavaScript function to convert an object into a list of `[key, value]` pairs.   
 

16. Write a JavaScript function to get a copy of the object where the keys have become the values and the values the keys.   
 

17. Write a JavaScript function to check whether an object contains given property.   

conditional operators programming exercises
1. Write a js program to find maximum between two numbers using conditional operator.
2. Write a js program to find maximum between three numbers using conditional operator.
3. Write a js program to check whether a number is even or odd using conditional operator.
4. Write a js program to check whether year is leap year or not using conditional operator.
5. Write a js program to check whether character is an alphabet or not using conditional operator.
List of switch case programming exercises
1. Write a js program to print day of week name using switch case.
2. Write a js program print total number of days in a month using switch case.
3. Write a js program to check whether an alphabet is vowel or consonant using switch case.
4. Write a js program to find maximum between two numbers using switch case.
5. Write a js program to check whether a number is even or odd using switch case.
6. Write a js program to check whether a number is positive, negative or zero using switch case.
7. Write a js program to find roots of a quadratic equation using switch case.
8. Write a js program to create Simple Calculator using switch case.

Deadline: 01/01/2022!
Submit: https://forms.gle/V2ayvdMxrDdjfMDd8
Regards
Naveed Sarwar