

Assignment#09
Dear Students / Brothers.
Web and Mobile Application Development, Batch-04 Section-C
Requirements:
1. Write a js program to read and print elements of array.
2. Write a js program to print all negative elements in an array.
3. Write a js program to find sum of all array elements. 
4. Write a js program to find maximum and minimum element in an array.
5. Write a js program to find second largest element in an array.
6. Write a js program to count total number of even and odd elements in an array.
7. Write a js program to count total number of negative elements in an array.
8. Write a js program to copy all elements from an array to another array.
9. Write a js program to insert an element in an array.
10. Write a js program to delete an element from an array at specified position.
11. Write a js program to count frequency of each element in an array.
12. Write a js program to print all unique elements in the array.
13. Write a js program to count total number of duplicate elements in an array.
14. Write a js program to delete all duplicate elements from an array.
15. Write a js program to merge two array to third array.
16. Write a js program to find reverse of an array.
17. Write a js program to put even and odd elements of array in two separate array.
18. Write a js program to search an element in an array.
19. Write a js program to sort array elements in ascending or descending order.
20. Write a js program to sort even and odd elements of array separately.
21. Write a js program to left rotate an array.
22. Write a js program to right rotate an array.
23. Write a js program to print day of week name using switch case.
24. Write a js program print total number of days in a month using switch case.
25. Write a js program to check whether an alphabet is vowel or consonant using switch case.
26. Write a js program to find maximum between two numbers using switch case.
27. Write a js program to check whether a number is even or odd using switch case.
28. Write a js program to check whether a number is positive, negative or zero using switch case.
29. Write a js program to find roots of a quadratic equation using switch case.
30. Write a js program to create Simple Calculator using switch case.

Deadline: 19/12/2021!
Submit: https://forms.gle/Vsbn9NCTT5Ewcc4d7
Regards
Naveed Sarwar